The one of the most important things first if you google for E-6 reflect you'll find an article in the
end the end of the Mozilla Web Developer Network and here you'll get a reference of all the methods
it offers and how it works.
That being said are covered that in this module.
But if you want to look something up or have some additional examples just go through that page and
then you may have a look at the individual methods how they work and so on.
I'll start with the creation of new objects and you already know a lot of methods to create objects
in Chalis script with the literal notation.
The new key word and object are to create.
Now we get it number one.
And as explained For one it's because we now have it bundled all into the refl. API and it works well
together with the proxy API.
And as a second argument why this might be useful.
It offers us some additional utility and I'll show you which.
So in order to create a new object frood you reflect API.
It's as simple as the following sample shows.
You need a constructor function for this or a class like person for example.
And with that and as a static constructor function like this would have also worked.
But with that you can create a new person assign it to a variable like this with the reflect object
and you don't use new here.
You act sisters object directly and all those methods on this object are static methods.
You have the construct method available.
Now construct takes up two free arguments where the first two arguments are required and the last one
is optional.
The first argument is the constructor function is should use Orji class here.
So person the second argument are is an array which specifies the arguments which get passed to the
constructor.
So if we add our person here to give it a constructor function where we take a name for example and
then we set this name equal to name.
Well then we could pass Max here as the first element and this array to be assigned to the first argument
that its constructor function.
All come back to the optional third argument later.
So with that we probably created a new person so let's log it to the console and check what we see there
.
Indeed we created a new option where each name is Max.
And if I check if it is an instance of person
I should get true.
Let's see if this is true.
Yes.
So we created a new person and this is exactly the same as if we would have used the new keywords to
a new person.
That would be the same with the same code.
So like that but we didn't we used to reflect the API is that that will come back to the first argument
here and to demonstrate what this argument does all first create a constructor function.
And it could create a class here too.
And I will name it top object and its constructor function will assign age or will treat age property
which it sets equal to 27 let's say then you can assign this constructor function here as a forward
argument.
What this will do is it will override the prototype of this prison object which is created by evil of
course the prototype would be poor isn't that a prototype so desperate sundog prototype.
But with that I'm writing this.
So let's check that by checking if person produ is equal to person dot prototype.
As I said it shouldn't be.
We should see false.
Let's see if that is the case.
Indeed it is false.
So we overwrote the prototype in chess to prove the opposite.
If I get rid of this argument we do get true so we overrode it.
And the question is what's now the prototype is it top object.
So if I check if top object is the prototype with a P.
Let's see if that is true what do you think we'll see in the console.
It's false.
That's not the prototype but you probably guessed it of course that's the prototype.
So if I now had run we see true so with that we changed the prototype of our object like we can do it
with objects that create the difference of course being that you're we can in one step create our object
assigned the constructor arguments or the argument you want to pass the constructor and override our
prototype all stored in the refl. API as a central repository.
And that's just another powerful tool in our pocket.
If we actually want to create an object that assigned a different prototype to it for some reason